code example for generating a vanity url (#26)
wildlink/wildlink-js-client: README.md

The `generateVanity` function converts a URL (to a product, listing, etc. on a supported domain) to a `wild.link` URL with embedded tracking for the given device.

```js
// example Eligible Domain from getDomains() that matches the url to be converted
{
  ID: 1991737,
  Domain: 'target.com',
  Merchant: {
    ID: 5482877,
    Name: 'Target',
    DefaultRate: {
      Kind: 'PERCENTAGE',
      Amount: '0.5',
    },
    DerivedRate: {
      Kind: 'PERCENTAGE',
      Amount: '0.75',
    },
    MaxRate: {
      Kind: 'PERCENTAGE',
      Amount: '0.5',
    },
  },
};

const url = 'https://www.nixon.com/us/en/gamma-backpack/C3024-000-00.html#start=1';

WLClient.getDomains().then(domains => {
  for (let i = 0; i < domains.length; i++) {
    // find the Eligible Domain that matches the domain.tld of the url

>     if (parseUrl(url) === domains[i].Domain) {

Reviewer: Clarify that parseUrl comes from an external dependency. With a possible link to npm, above the code example.

```js
{
  OriginalURL: 'https://johnnycupcakes.com/collections/all/products/rainbow-sprinkles-pullover?variant=32313522421846',
  VanityURL: 'https://wild.link/johnnycupcakes/AP7siwE'
}
```

> ### How to get the URL's domain object (there are many ways to do this)
> 
> ```js
> // https://www.npmjs.com/package/parse-domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to get the active domain object from the list of active domains

In this example we will be using a third party library named [parse-domain](https://www.npmjs.com/package/parse-domain). Keep in mind that there are multiple ways to accomplish this task, this is only an example.

```js
